---
published: true
title: Why Germany Highway speed unlimited?
layout: post
---
Some car partners may have heard, there is a mysterious country called Germany. Here, the highway speed is not limited to, is free to ride, it\'s \"free track\" - [Lesson of the day life insurance on a car can](http://iphone5solarcharger.blogspot.com/2016/05/lesson-of-day-life-insurance-on-car-can.html)Apart from envy, it would be a \"fantasy\" when our highway speed can also be open-ended. So we\'re going to talk about why Germany\'s highways can be unlimited speed, these conditions, do we have? 1 not all highways are open-ended speed first of all to emphasize, not in Germany all the highways are open-ended speed. In fact, Germany high speed 62% speed unlimited, 27% section of speed limit all the year round, 7% sections are not regular speed limit. Limited speed of sections including following several sections: first, special road, like some double road, and hillside or sharp; second, accident more sent sections; third, encountered traffic or Shang work peak high-speed road of limited speed displayed screen on played due of speed; IV, with all State ruling party of policy about, to conservative of ruling party this a area highway of limited speed sections on more some.2 very good condition Germany\'s motorway network is the world\'s most complete, one of the most advanced highway network. Small series have seen an introduction to Germany Highway documentary, Germany expressway has several characteristics: one is extremely gentle slope. Often in the mountains, and do not feel a strong fall; second, advanced electronic equipment, as well as design and construction. Four-lane pavement subgrade is 29 meters wide each lane width 3.75 m, set 3 meters wide shoulders on either side emergency parking lane, Middle divider located 4 meters wide. Pavements, cement concrete pavement 27%, asphalt pavement 73%, smooth surface, roughness, and traffic safety, quickly. Therefore, good road hardware is \"infinite velocity\" ...3 rules and qualified drivers in the movie the wild animals in the city, credits part of the lumbering sloth \"Flash\" because the biker speeding penalty, so surprising. In Germany, sloth you can\'t see to drive, but you can see grey-haired old woman drove to happy 200km/h has just! [Lesson of the day life insurance on a car can](http://iphone5solarcharger.blogspot.com/2016/05/lesson-of-day-life-insurance-on-car-can.html)In Germany the driving test, not only to master the skill of driving, must also receive education in driving etiquette. Germany is hard to get a driver\'s license, driving school focuses on students driving standard and personalized training. A lot of small details Germany driving especially fancy, for example, when you change lanes, overtaking, turning back, when you turn back, to confirm that the rear car, road no pedestrians and cyclists who met crosswalk to stop and allow pedestrians to cross; to always look on the side and in front of the mirror every now and then, confirm the distance between vehicles, and so on.Most importantly, the vast majority of Germans drive \"obsessive compulsive disorder\"-like rules. In Germany, few people will overtake on the right. Germans formed a tacit understanding on the highway. Met fast, faster than you you let, do not occupy heretical belief (Lane), take up, unless you are the fastest, if they came back faster than you, you have to let. If your car is less horsepower, overtaking is possible, super car immediately to return to the right lane. Summarizing even unlimited speed and Germany very few traffic accidents on the highway. Back home, we have good roads (for a fee), but our driver\'s overall quality is a significant gap compared with the Germans. In addition, domestic motor vehicle condition than Germany\'s condition (German car an important character who is often called \"highway drift\"). So, we are just \"speed limit 120\"!