---
published: true
title: Aliyun could Amazon pull down from the altar?
layout: post
---
After Alibaba, toward the pace of internationalization is well underway: investment Singapore post and all the Silicon Valley company, MA several times personally with the European business and political mix, cybersquatting Hai Tao continued with cross-border business ... ... Although Amazon has this intruder alert, but now seem to coexist peacefully-Amazon has this year opened a flagship store in the sky cat eye-popping, Alibaba, after all, now is helping the Chinese to buy more foreign goods, had not gone to users around the world this step is selling around the world. However, Alibaba other Vanguard aliyun has stridently to fight Amazon and local wars have been opened.　　Aliyun into Dubai, to the Middle East and North Africa markets [Iterations of the Apple Empire dilemma the Kings](http://www.everweek.com/blog/2016/04/iterations-of-the-apple-empire-dilemma-the-kings-late-successor-to-green/)　　The term Ali Baba comes from the Arabian nights the Arab myth, under recent aliyun \"float\" to the Arab world, signed a contract with Dubai Meraas group set up a company, the joint venture company based in Dubai, radiation in the Middle East and North Africa, for enterprises in these areas, as well as Chinese companies eager to enter the area, providing cloud computing services. Meanwhile, the joint venture company will also set up a data center, the data center becomes aliyun 7th data centres in the world, aliyun has established overseas in Hong Kong, two of Silicon Valley\'s largest data centre, Germany, and Singapore and Japan\'s data center is under construction.　　Worth noting is that Amazon is not in the Middle East data center. Amazon AWS cloud computing services has been providing services to more than 190 countries and regions, Africa and the Middle East is more of Europe Frankfurt and Ireland both data center of radiation. Can say markets in the Middle East have been aliyun worm. Aliyun preference for the Middle East market, there are a few key reasons:　　1, is ignoring the Middle East market by Amazon. IDC report, 2015 total expenditure on information and communication technologies in the region will reach 27 billion dollars IT market growth the second largest in the world. Amazon global markets in Europe, North America, South America and Asia Pacific, laid on too much of the plate as a whole has been difficult to keep up with everything, ignore the Middle East and Africa markets, leaving a loophole to aliyun the latecomers. There is an important reason for this is the Middle East market particularities so that many international giants seem daunting, don\'t know whether Amazon paid no attention to this consideration.　　2, aliyun can meet demand in Dubai. \"Oil-rich stream\" Dubai not only energy, it is focused on the development of modern high-tech industries in recent years and built a number of modern infrastructure, and has decided to build the cloud Dubai Dubai, wisdom, however, Dubai does not have strong IT giants, require external support. Meanwhile, local conditions better suited to use joint ventures to enter, aliyun complied with such requirements, partners chosen by Meraas by Dubai holding, in the U.A.E. and the overseas operations and has assets, get involved in real estate development and investment, health care, education, retail and asset management, in each of these areas are closely related to cloud computing.　　Company in Dubai to establish a technology-oriented integrated communities: including data centers, hotels, residential, commercial, retail, and so on. Among them, the level 3-compliant data center powered by aliyun, while the joint venture will be the commercial area and the main users of the data center. In other words, aliyun has no need to worry about the first batch of customers in the Middle East.　　Aliyun AWS is being pulled down from the altar? [Iterations of the Apple Empire dilemma the Kings](http://www.everweek.com/blog/2016/04/iterations-of-the-apple-empire-dilemma-the-kings-late-successor-to-green/)　　Amazon is the ancestor of cloud computing, but also the oldest public cloud computing. Although Microsoft Azure, Google GCE several belong to United States launched cloud computing services, but are difficult to shake the status of AWS. Judging from aliyun actions, future AWS would most likely pull it down from the altar and split.　　1, the technology is mature, AWS is no longer technical barriers. Cloud computing in the early days is a technology-intensive industry, barriers to entry are very high, and there is virtual, parallel computing, data center, many high technology. After ten years of development, cloud computing technology is relatively mature. Aliyun was later, in cross-cluster computing in computer room, large cluster room, already have full competence on technical data processing, AWS past proud of cloud computing is no longer unique stunts.　　2, backed by China\'s hinterland, aliyun can be relatively cheap. The major costs of cloud computing are two aspects of IT costs and development costs are calculated, and these costs are largely constrained by cost, such as cloud computing management platform for research and development, cloud computing, cost of operation and maintenance personnel. Have entered the United States, the Middle East and other markets, but relative to the United States in particular, AWS, Ali has a cost advantage, so in the case of content and providing the services is cheaper, no enterprise will reject it. In fact, aliyun in China is a lot cheaper than AWS, Azure.　　3, Alibaba and aliyun is very good at dealing with the Government. Jack Ma, Alibaba IPO Bell ceremony Bloomberg reporter in English, shows that the idea of dealing with government relations along the following lines: \"falling in love with her and married her, a clever State at arm\'s length, the Government wants to solve the problem, companies have to do is face up to the problem and the Government work together to solve problems. \"Can be said to be quite intelligent, Alibaba in fact whether it is business or finance or cloud computing is closely related to many government operations, appeared to get along well with the Government in the outside world. Aliyun in China\'s Guizhou province, Fujian province, Zhejiang Province, in some sectors, the China Meteorological Administration and other government departments are working closely together, go to Dubai the same select enterprises to establish joint ventures with the Government. Government cloud computing customer types and objects to depth of access to certain markets must embrace, aliyun perform better than Amazon.　　4, aliyun, like all Chinese enterprises more \"atmosphere\". If used aliyun services know, aliyun operating in China has a strong style of Taobao: do not issue vouchers, promotions similar to the double 11 section, is very grounding. In addition to computing and storage services aliyun CDN, load balancing also provide SLB, relational database search services RDS, Yun Dun, cloud, ODPS (data processing) and other peripheral services, one-stop solution for the problem, which is the traditional corporations don\'t like complex IT solutions is very attractive. In addition, aliyun backed Alibaba more actively than the Amazon combined with traditional industries, such as investment in traditional industries, Amazon have done less, which Alibaba aliyun understand the traditional industry, which is the core of the cloud computing market in the future. Despite the lack of overseas Chinese Enterprise brand, it is difficult to adapt to the culture, but fighting power and grounding air capacity was not lacking, aliyun has little to do with culture, backed by Alibaba, the tree reputation coupled with service you can quickly form a brand.　　Although aliyun now only 7 data center, has just started in the cloud computing market overseas, but I have no doubt it\'s going to AWS in most countries with AWS and fierce battle. Cloud computing is going out of business, which coincide with the Ali Baba \"data\" strategy and the \"internationalization\" of the dual need of strategy, Alibaba has the motivation to do, it also has the strength.