---
published: true
title: Russia aviation industry will earn 28 billion dollars into
layout: post
---
According to the Ministry of industry and trade and open an industrial support programme, by 2025, the Russia Government will invest US $ 28 billion for aviation industry, boosting Russia ranks among the world\'s three largest aircraft maker aviation industry.　　The plan designed by the Ministry of industry and trade, approved by the Cabinet. Government to the aviation industry by 2025 will invest 714 billion rubles (US $ 20.5 billion) of State funds, private capital will invest an additional 277 billion rubles (US $ 7.9 billion).　　Under the scheme, 2013-2025 years, Russia will produce more than 3000 aircraft and 5500 helicopters. Plan\'s target is 2025 Russia international civil aircraft production market share increased to 3.2% from 0.6% in 2011. Civil helicopters, from 6% to 12%; civil engine from 0.4% to 1.4%. By 2025, the Russia military aircraft engine to triple from the current world of 6.7% to 13%.　　To achieve these goals, Russia will compete with Western producers. Now three civil aircraft producer Airbus, Boeing and Bombardier. In the military aircraft industry include Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, Boeing and EADS.　　If the Government believes that Russia\'s civil aviation to gain a larger market share, then the sale of Russian military aircraft may be lost to foreign competitors. The planned military sale market share is expected to be reduced in 2011 from 17% to 11%. Military helicopter sales declined to 16.5% from 23% in 2011.　　The plan also envisages a sound scientific foundation for research aircraft technology development, allow Russia to participate in more international aviation research plan. [Entrepreneur confessions why is my Internet medical](https://givenchy2015.wordpress.com/2015/12/28/entrepreneur-confessions-why-is-my-internet-medical-project-fail/) [Entrepreneur confessions why is my Internet medical](https://givenchy2015.wordpress.com/2015/12/28/entrepreneur-confessions-why-is-my-internet-medical-project-fail/)